c:\users\aluisi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebAPI Trial\WebAPI Trial\obj\Debug\WebAPI Trial.csproj.App.config
c:\users\aluisi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebAPI Trial\WebAPI Trial\bin\WebAPI Trial.dll.config
c:\users\aluisi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebAPI Trial\WebAPI Trial\bin\WebAPI Trial.dll
c:\users\aluisi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebAPI Trial\WebAPI Trial\bin\WebAPI Trial.pdb
c:\users\aluisi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebAPI Trial\WebAPI Trial\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\aluisi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebAPI Trial\WebAPI Trial\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\aluisi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebAPI Trial\WebAPI Trial\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\aluisi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebAPI Trial\WebAPI Trial\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\aluisi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebAPI Trial\WebAPI Trial\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\aluisi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebAPI Trial\WebAPI Trial\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\aluisi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebAPI Trial\WebAPI Trial\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\aluisi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebAPI Trial\WebAPI Trial\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\aluisi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebAPI Trial\WebAPI Trial\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\aluisi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebAPI Trial\WebAPI Trial\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\aluisi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebAPI Trial\WebAPI Trial\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\aluisi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebAPI Trial\WebAPI Trial\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\aluisi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebAPI Trial\WebAPI Trial\obj\Debug\WebAPI Trial.dll
c:\users\aluisi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebAPI Trial\WebAPI Trial\obj\Debug\WebAPI Trial.pdb
C:\Users\aluisi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAPI Trial\WebAPI Trial\bin\Autofac.dll
C:\Users\aluisi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebAPI Trial\WebAPI Trial\bin\Autofac.xml
C:\Users\aluisi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebAPI Trial\WebAPI Trial\bin\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.dll
C:\Users\aluisi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebAPI Trial\WebAPI Trial\bin\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.xml
C:\Users\aluisi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebAPI Trial\WebAPI Trial\obj\Debug\WebAPI Trial.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
